add SDK documentation section to getting started page (#33447)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/feature_flags/_index.md

* **OpenFeature compatible:** Built on the OpenFeature standard, ensuring compatibility with existing OpenFeature implementations and providing a vendor-neutral approach to feature flag management.

## SDK documentation

> Integrate Datadog Feature Flags into your application using one of the following SDKs:

Reviewer: A little extra explanation to help manage reader expectations:
```suggestion
## Feature Flags SDKs

This guide uses the JavaScript browser SDK as an example. You can integrate Datadog Feature Flags into any application using one of the following SDKs:
```
